
Disadvantages of SQL:
	SQL doesn’t provide the programmers with a technique of condition checking, looping and branching.
	SQL statements are passed to Oracle engine one at a time which increases traffic and decreases speed.
	SQL has no facility of error checking during manipulation of data.

Features of PL/SQL:
	PL/SQL is basically a procedural language, which provides the functionality of decision making, iteration and many 	   more features of procedural programming languages.
	PL/SQL can execute a number of queries in one block using single command.
	One can create a PL/SQL unit such as procedures, functions, packages, triggers, and types, which are stored in the    	      database for reuse by applications.
	PL/SQL provides a feature to handle the exception which occurs in PL/SQL block known as exception handling block.
	Applications written in PL/SQL are portable to computer hardware or operating system where Oracle is operational.
	PL/SQL Offers extensive error checking.

Difference between SQL and PLSQL?
SQL:
	SQL is a single query that is used to perform DML and DDL operations.
	It is declarative, that defines what needs to be done, rather than how things need to be done.
	Execute as a single statement.
	Mainly used to manipulate data.
	Cannot contain PL/SQL code in it.

PLSQL:
	PL/SQL is a block of codes that used to write the entire program blocks/ procedure/ function, etc.
	PL/SQL is procedural that defines how the things needs to be done.
	Execute as a whole block.
	Mainly used to create an application.
	It is an extension of SQL, so it can contain SQL inside it.
	
Typically, each block performs a logical action in the program. A block has the following structure:

	DECLARE
	    declaration statements;

	
	    executable statements

	EXCEPTIONS
	    exception handling statements

	END;
	
DECLARE:
	Declare section starts with DECLARE keyword in which variables, constants, records as cursors can be declared which 	stores data temporarily. It basically consists definition of PL/SQL identifiers. This part of the code is optional.
	
BEGIN:
	Execution section starts with BEGIN and ends with END keyword.This is a mandatory section and here the program logic is written to perform any task like loops and conditional statements. It supports all DML commands, DDL commands and SQL*PLUS built-in functions as well.
	
EXCEPTIONS:
	Exception section starts with EXCEPTION keyword.This section is optional which contains statements that are executed when a run-time error occurs. Any exceptions can be handled in this section.
	
PL/SQL identifiers:
	There are several PL/SQL identifiers such as variables, constants, procedures, cursors, triggers etc.
	
The 'Hello World' Example:
DECLARE 
   message  varchar2(20):= 'Hello, World!'; 
BEGIN 
   dbms_output.put_line(message); 
END; 
/ 

Here, 
	message is variable name
	varchar2(size) is Datatype
	:= is assignment operator
	dbms_output.put_line is used print message content

